--- start{01_what_is_nlp.pdf} ---
DSC258: NATURAL LANGUAGE
PROCESSING

WHAT IS NLP?
Outline
COURSE INFORMATION




  What is Natural Language Processing (NLP)?
  Pre-processing in NLP
  •Tokenization
  •Stemming & Lemmatization
  •The key: how to define “terms”?
MINING KNOWLEDGE FROM BIG
          DATA




               Big Data
                            Structured Knowledge
                                  & Insights
MINING KNOWLEDGE FROM BIG DATA




       (Semi) Structured
             Data




        Unstructured
         Text Data               Structured Knowledge
                                       & Insights
MASSIVE UNSTRUCTURED TEXT
           DATA




                 News           Social Media     Business & Finance


                                                       ……

           Scientific Papers   Medical Records
MASSIVE UNSTRUCTURED TEXT
           DATA
GOAL: TEXTS, KNOWLEDGE &
        INSIGHTS




                           Automated Models
 Unstructured Text Data                       Structured Knowledge
                                                    & Insights
WHAT’S NATURAL LANGUAGE
      PROCESSING




 Wikipedia: “Natural language processing (NLP) is a subfield of linguistics, computer
 science, and artificial intelligence […], in particular how to program computers to
 process and analyze large amounts of natural language data. ”
   • Similar to text mining, text analytics, etc.
WHAT’S NATURAL LANGUAGE
      PROCESSING




 Example NLP Tasks:
   • Classify the review’s sentiment
   • Categorize a book based on its description
   • Extract phrases from texts
   • Recognize entities from texts
   • Retrieve relevant documents based on query texts
   • …
SENTIMENT ANALYSIS AS AN
       EXAMPLE



Given a review document, can we estimate its sentiment from its content?

--- end {01_what_is_nlp.pdf} ---
--- start{02_nlp_pipelines.pdf} ---
DSC258: NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING

NLP PIPELINES
A TYPICAL TEXT MINING
       PIPELINE




               Preprocessing      Representation      Model Training




            Try to make texts    Make the text data   Specifically for the
            “better formatted”   machine-actionable   end-task

--- end {02_nlp_pipelines.pdf} ---
--- start{03_nlp_preprocessing.pdf} ---
DSC258: NATURAL LANGUAGE
PROCESSING

PRE-PROCESSING
Outline
OUTLINE




 What’s Natural Language Processing (NLP)?

 Pre-processing in NLP
     • Tokenization
     • Stemming & Lemmatization
     • The key: how to define “terms”?
TOKENIZATION




   There are no spaces in some languages
      • E.g., Chinese

   For English
       • It is more complicated than string.split()
       • Text into sentences tokenization
       • Sentences into words tokenization

   Will see some examples soon!
 Reduce inflectional forms and sometimes derivationally related forms of a word to a
 common base form
 Mostly rule-based
 • E.g., Porter's algorithm (Porter, 1980)


Examples:
   • am, is, are                                  be
   • car, cars, car’s, cars’                      car
   • president, presidential                      president
   • food, foods                                  food
   • the boy's cars are different colors          the boy car be differ color
POPULAR PYTHON LIBS




  • NLTK              Example:
  • spaCy             • pip install nltk spacy
  • …                 • python -m spacy download en_core_web_sm
NLTK TOKENIZATION



Word tokenization: More than string.split()
NLTK TOKENIZATION



Sentence tokenization/segmentation: More than punctuation
NLTK STEMMING



Porter Stemmer: Probably the most classical stemmer
NLTK Putting Things Together!
❑ Sentence Tokenization   Word Tokenization Stemming
 spaCY TOKENIZATION



spaCy wraps everything into objects so it looks different
 spaCY TOKENIZATION



spaCy wraps everything into objects so it looks different
spaCY LEMMATIZATION



spaCy wraps everything into objects so it looks different
spaCy Putting Things Together!
❑ Sentence Tokenization   Word Tokenization Lemmatization
      STEMMING VS
     LEMMATIZATION


They are subtly different
 Let’s try out our implementations:
  • NLTK does stemming
  • spaCy does lemmatization

--- end {03_nlp_preprocessing.pdf} ---
--- start{04_how_to_define_terms.pdf} ---
DSC258: NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING

HOW TO DEFINE TERMS
OUTLINE




What’s Natural Language Processing (NLP)?

Pre-processing in NLP
   • Tokenization
   • Stemming & Lemmatization
  • The key: how to define “terms”?
THE KEY IN NLP PRE-PROCESSING IS…




How to define “term”?
       Terms are expected to be orthogonal
          • Ideally “non-overlapping” in semantics
       Choices:
          • Words
          • Stemmed words
          • Phrases
          • “Latent concepts”
          • …
ZIPF’S LAW




                        Word                  Most useful
                        Freq.                  words

                   Biggest                             Is “too rare” a problem?
                     data
                  structure
                (stop words)

                                       Word Rank (by
                                          Freq)
             Generalized Zipf’s law:            Applicable in many domains
ZIPF’S LAW – TWO EXTREMES




  The most frequent are mostly stopwords
     • Stopwords
     • The most common words in a language
        • E.g., a, an, the, …
     • No single universal list
     • We typically assume that stopwords are not useful in NLP
     • Can be removed in pre-processing

  We typically replace too rare words by a special token “<UNK>”

  Will have a closer look in Week 2
WORDS VS PHRASES




Analyzes US news articles on April 9, 2017

Before Phrase Mining
Which “United”?
    • United States?
    • United Parcel Service?

What’s “Dao”?
  • A person?
  • A place?
 WORDS VS PHRASES


Analyzes US news articles on April 9, 2017


After Phrase Mining                                     United Express Flight 3411 incident

                                                          • United Airline
                                                          • David Dao: A person




                             NBC News, April 12, 2017
A SIMPLE PHRASE MINING METHOD …



Using a greedy merge algorithm!

   •   Repeat
   •   Find the most coherent adjacent pairs of “words”
   •   Merge
   •   Until the measure is below a threshold

                  Markov Blanket       Feature Selection      for        Support Vector Machine

some measure
> a threshold                                                         Support Vector

                Markov     Blanket   Feature      Selection   for   Support     Vector     Machine
SUMMARY




What’s Natural Language Processing (NLP)?

Pre-processing in NLP
   • Tokenization
   • Stemming & Lemmatization
   • The key: how to define “terms”?

--- end {04_how_to_define_terms.pdf} ---
--- start{05_zipfs_law_and_the_internet.pdf} ---
Glottometrics 3, 2002,143-150                                                   To honor G.K. Zipf


                            Zipf’s law and the Internet

                                       Lada A. Adamic1
                                    Bernardo A. Huberman


Abstract. Zipf's law governs many features of the Internet. Observations of Zipf distributions, while
interesting in and of themselves, have strong implications for the design and function of the Internet.
The connectivity of Internet routers influences the robustness of the network while the distribution in
the number of email contacts affects the spread of email viruses. Even web caching strategies are
formulated to account for a Zipf distribution in the number of requests for webpages.

Keywords: Zipf´s law, caching, networks


Introduction

The wide adoption of the Internet has fundamentally altered the ways in which we
communicate, gather information, conduct businesses and make purchases. As the use of the
World Wide Web and email skyrocketed, computer scientists and physicists rushed to
characterize this new phenomenon. While initially they were surprised by the tremendous
variety the Internet demonstrated in the size of its features, they soon discovered a widespread
pattern in their measurements: there are many small elements contained within the Web, but
few large ones. A few sites consist of millions of pages, but millions of sites only contain a
handful of pages. Few sites contain millions of links, but many sites have one or two. Millions
of users flock to a few select sites, giving little attention to millions of others.
    This pattern has of course long been familiar to those studying distributions in income
(Pareto 1896), word frequencies in text (Zipf 1932), and city sizes (Zipf 1949). It can be
expressed in mathematical fashion as a power law, meaning that the probability of attaining a
certain size x is proportional to x -τ, where τ is greater than or equal to 1. Unlike the more
familiar Gaussian distribution, a power law distribution has no ‘typical’ scale and is hence
frequently called ‘scale-free’. A power law also gives a finite probability to very large
elements, whereas the exponential tail in a Gaussian distribution makes elements much larger
than the mean extremely unlikely. For example, city sizes, which are governed by a power
law distribution, include a few mega cities that are orders of magnitude larger than the mean
city size. On the other hand, a Gaussian, which describes for example the distribution of
heights in humans, does not allow for a person who is several times taller than the average.
Figure 1 shows a series of scale free distributions in the sizes of websites in terms of the
number of pages they include, the number of links given to or received from other sites and
the number of unique users visiting the site.




1
 Address correspondence to: Lada A. Adamic, HP Laboratories, 1501 Page Mill Road, ms 1139, Palo Alto, CA
94304, USA. E-mail: ladamic@exch.hpl.hp.com.
144                                                                             Lada A. Adamic, Bernardo Huberman

a)                                                                                                                          b)
                                 0
                                10                                                                                                                     0
                                                                                           crawl by infoseek.com                                      10                                               binned distribution
                                                                                           crawl by archive.org                                                                                        power−law fit τ = −2.07

                                 −2
                                10                                                                                                                     −2
                                                                                                                                                      10
          proportion of sites




                                                                                                                                proportion of sites
                                 −4
                                10                                                                                                                     −4
                                                                                                                                                      10


                                 −6                                                                                                                    −6
                                10                                                                                                                    10



                                 −8                                                                                                                    −8
                                10                                                                                                                    10



                                 −10                                                                                                                   −10
                                10     0              1               2           3                4                5
                                                                                                                                                      10          0                     2                       4
                                     10              10             10          10              10                 10                                            10                   10                       10
                                                                    number of pages                                                                                                  number of users

 c)                                                                                                                         d)
                                 0                                                                                                                     0
                           10                                                                                                                         10
                                                                                           out−link distribution                                                                                            in−link distribution
                                                                                           τ = 2.0 fit                                                                                                      τ = 2.0 fit
                                 −2                                                                                                                    −2
                           10                                                                                                                         10
     proportion of sites




                                                                                                                                proportion of sites




                                 −4                                                                                                                    −4
                           10                                                                                                                         10


                                 −6                                                                                                                    −6
                           10                                                                                                                         10


                                 −8                                                                                                                    −8
                           10                                                                                                                         10


                                 −10                                                                                                                   −10
                           10                                                                                                                         10

                                          0       1             2           3          4               5                6                                    0          1        2           3          4            5              6
                                     10         10            10          10          10             10            10                                      10          10      10           10         10           10             10
                                                          number of links pointing from site                                                                                number of links pointing to site

                                              Figure 1. Fitted power law distributions of the number of site a) pages, b) visitors, c) out links,
                                              and d) in links, measured in 1997.

Although the distributions plotted above are given in terms of the probability density function
(PDF), they can also be easily recast in terms of Zipf’s ranked distribution. In fact, any purely
power-law probability density function will yield a Zipf ranked distribution as follows:
   Let the PDF be p ( x) = Cx −τ . Then the probability that a website is of size y or lager
                                                 ∞
P ( x > y ) = ∑ Cx −τ ≈ Ay −τ +1 , C and A are constants. If there are N websites total, the
                                                 y

expected number of sites greater than N is given by r = NAy τ −1 . Solving for y, we find that the
                                                                                                                                  1
                                                                                                                            −
                                                                                                                                                                  −α
size of the r ranked variable is proportional to r
                                                 th
                                                   = r , α being the Zipf rank exponent.                                        τ −1

While the PDF emphasizes the count of small elements, the ranked distribution emphasizes
the size of the largest ones.
                                                         Zipf´s law and the Internet                         145




             number of unique visitors
                                                                         AOL visitors to sites
                                                                         fit with  α =1
                                              4
                                         10




                                              2
                                         10




                                              0
                                         10 0                    2                   4
                                           10                10 rank of site    10
          Figure 2. Sites ranked by the number of unique AOL visitors they received Dec. 1,
          1997. AOL (America Online) is the largest Internet service provider in the United
          States. The fit is a Zipf distribution nr ~ r-1


Figure 2, for example, shows the ranked distribution of visitors to web sites corresponding to
the PDF plotted in Figure 1b. The distribution shows mild concavity and a ranked exponent of
1: Zipf’s law. As Table 1 shows, a small number of sites such as Yahoo are extremely popular
and capture a disproportionate amount of traffic.

                                                                     Table 1
                                          Distribution of user volume among sites in general, adult sites,
                                          and .edu domain sites, as determined by counting the number
                                                     of unique AOL visitors on Dec. 1, 1997.

                                                        %sites       %user volume
                                                         0.1             32.36
                                                           1             55.63
                                                           5             74.81
                                                          10             82.26
                                                          50             94.92


A Growth Model

The pervasiveness of Zipf distributions on the Internet can be explained by an intuitive
growth model (Huberman 1999) that incorporates three simple assumptions. Let us formulate
the argu-ment in terms of the number of web pages hosted on a website. Similar arguments
can be applied just as easily to the number of visitors or links. The first assumption is that of
proportional growth or preferential attachment, i.e. the number of pages added to or removed
from the site is proportional to the number of pages already present. For example, a site with a
million pages might have a whole team of webmasters or generate its content automatically. It
could easily gain or shed a several thousand pages on any given day. On the other hand, it
would be surprising, but not impossible, for a site with only a handful of pages to suddenly
add a thousand more.
146                         Lada A. Adamic, Bernardo Huberman

    This multiplicative stochastic growth process yields a lognormal distribution in the
number of pages at a site after a fixed period of time. However, the World Wide Web is
anything but fixed. Its first decade was a period of rapid growth, with sites appearing at an
exponential rate. It so happens that when one computes an exponentially weighted mixture of
lognormals one obtains a power-law distribution exactly!
    While the exponential growth in the number of websites and their stochastic addition of
pages alone can produce power law distributions, a key ingredient is still missing. For in spite
of the random nature of the growth, if one were taking a mixture of lognormals depending
only on a time variable, one would expect that the sites established early would have grown to
greater sizes than recently founded ones. However, studies have found only weak correlation
between the size of a site and its age (equivalently some very popular sites were founded
more recently, while sites present at the very start of the Internet boom did not necessarily
acquire a wide audience). The missing assumption is that sites can grow at different rates,
depending on the type of content and interest that they generate. Incorporating variability in
growth rates again yields power law distributions with varying exponents. The greater the
difference in growth rates among sites, the lower the exponent τ, which means that the
inequality in site sizes increases. In summary, a very simple assumption of stochastic
multiplicative growth, combined with the fact that sites appear at different times and/or grow
at different rates, leads to an explanation for the scale free behavior so prevalent on the Web
(Huberman 2001).


Caching

Computer scientists have gone beyond observations and explanations of Zipf’s law to apply it
to the design of content delivery on the Internet. A problem Internet service providers (ISP's)
face is devising ways to support rapidly growing web traffic while maintaining quality of
service in the form of fast response time for file requests. In order to quickly satisfy users'
request for web content, ISP's utilize caching, whereby frequently used files are copied and
stored “near” to users on the network. It is important to note, however, that the effectiveness
of caching relies heavily on the existence of Zipf’s law.
    Let's say that there is a web server in the United States serving a page that is extremely
popular in a town in Europe. In the absence of caching, every time someone in that town
requests the page, their request travels across the Atlantic, reaches the US server, which in
turn sends the page back across the Atlantic to the requester in Europe.
    To avoid sending unnecessary cross-Atlantic requests, the Internet service provider
serving the European town can place a proxy server near the town. The proxy server’s role is
to accept requests from the users and forward them on their behalf. Now, when the first user
requests the document, the request goes to the proxy. If the proxy cache does not contain the
document, it makes a request to the US server, which replies to the proxy. The proxy then
sends the file to the requesting user, and stores the file locally in a cache. When additional
users send their requests for the file to the proxy, the proxy can serve them the file directly
from its cache, without having to contact the webserver in the US. Of course, files that are
updated frequently, such as the front page of a news site, have an expiration time after which
the file is considered 'stale'. The cache uses the expiration time to determine when to request a
new version from the origin server.
    Caching has two advantages. First, since the requests are served immediately from the
cache, the response time can be significantly faster than contacting the origin server. Second,
caching conserves bandwidth by avoiding redundant transfers along remote internet links. The
benefits of caching are confirmed by its wide use by ISPs. They benefit because they are able
                                   Zipf´s law and the Internet                                 147

to reduce the amount of inter-ISP traffic that they have to pay for. Caching by proxies benefits
not only the ISPs and the users, but also the websites holding the original content. Their
content reaches the users more quickly and they avoid being overloaded themselves by two
many direct requests.
     However, since any cache has a finite size, it is impossible for the cache to store all of the
files users are requesting. Here Zipf's law comes into play. Several studies (Cunha 1995,
Breslau 1999) have found the popularity of files requested follows a Zipf distribution. Hence,
the cache need only store the most frequently requested files in order to satisfy a large fraction
of users requests.


Networks

The Internet is comprised of networks on many levels, and some of the most exciting con-
sequences of Zipf’s law have been discovered in this area. The World Wide Web is a network
of interconnected webpages and the Internet backbone is a physical network used to transmit
data, including web pages, in the form of packets, from one location to another.
Measurements on both the World Wide Web (Adamic 1999, Jeong 1999) and the Internet
backbone (Faloutsos 1999, Albert 2000) have shown that they differ significantly from the
classic Erdös-Rényi model of random graphs (Erdös 1960). While the traditional Erdös-Rényi
model has a Poisson node degree distribution, with most nodes having a characteristic number
of links, these networks approximately follow a Zipf or scale-free degree distribution p(k) ~
k−τ, where k is the node degree, and τ is the scale-free exponent. To account for these
observations, new random graph growth models have been developed that rely on the above
mentioned idea of preferential attachment (Albert 2002).
    The scale free degree distribution of the Internet backbone, shown in Figure 3, implies
that some nodes in the network maintain a large number of connections (proportional to the
total size of the network), while for the most part nodes have just one or two connections.
This is a two edged sword when it comes to resilience of the network. It means that if a node
fails at random, it is most likely one with very few connections, and its failure won’t affect the
performance of the network overall. However, if one were to specifically target just a few of
the high degree nodes, the network could be adversely affected. Because many routes pass
through the high degree nodes, their removal would require rerouting through longer and less
optimal paths. Once a sufficient number of high degree nodes are removed, the network itself
can become fragmented, without a way to communicate from one location to another.
    On a different level, one of the recent developments in the use of the Internet has been the
emergence of peer-to-peer (P2P) networks. These networks are used by millions of users daily
to exchange a variety of files directly with one another. Examples of P2P networks include
Napster, Gnutella, and Kazaa. Although Napster was immensely popular, it was forced to shut
down by the recording industry over concerns that users were trading copyrighted music files.
Part of the reason Napster could so easily be shut down is that it operated with a central
server. The users would report which files they were sharing to the central server, and when
they looked for additional files, they would query the central server to locate other users who
had those files.
148                                                        Lada A. Adamic, Bernardo Huberman
                                                  4
                                             10
                                                                                 In te rn e t
                                                  3
                                                                                 fit α = 0 .8 1

             n u m b e r o f co n n e ctio
                                             10

                                                  2
                                             10

                                                  1
                                             10

                                                  0
                                             10

                                                  -1
                                             10
                                                       0          1          2                    3        4
                                                  10         10         10         ra n k   10        10

          F igure 3. T he connectivity of the internet backbone at the autonom ous system (A S level).
          E ach A S is itself a netw ork corresponding to a single ISP , business entity or educational
          institution.



    Having learned from Napster’s troubles, current peer-to-peer networks tend to be de-
centralized. That is, nodes connect directly to one another rather than to a central server. The
distribution in the number of computers a computer has connections to is a Zipf distribution
(recently it has shifted into a two-sided Zipf distribution, with a shallower exponent for the
high degree nodes and a steeper exponent for the low degree ones) (Ripeanu 2002). The
presence of Zipf’s law has implications for the search strategies used in P2P networks.
Currently, most P2P networks use a broadcast method of locating files. Because there is no
central server that queries can be sent to, each node broadcasts the query to all of its neighbors
who in turn broadcast to all of their neighbors, out to some fixed distance from the originating
node. As one can well imagine, the network can become quite congested with broadcasted
queries. Recent research has shown, however, that routing queries to the high degree nodes
may provide a degree of congestion relief, while maintaining a short response time (Adamic
2001). Again, knowledge of Zipf’s law in the connectivity distribution has offered a solution
to an Internet communication problem.
    Finally, it has been shown that scale-free networks are more susceptible to viruses than
networks with a more even degree distribution. Namely, a virus spreading in a random
network needs to surpass a threshold of infectiousness in order not to die out. However, if the
network has a Zipf degree distribution, the virus can persist in the network indefinitely, no
matter what level of its infectiousness (Pastor-Satarros 2002).
    Both email (Ebel 2002) and instant messaging networks (Smith 2002) have been shown to
be scale free. Some individuals have a large number of email contacts but most individuals
would keep only a few addresses in their contact lists. This wide variance in the connectivity
of electronic communication reflects the different degrees of communicativeness in people
and their different roles at work and in society overall. Over the past few years, email viruses
have plagued the Internet, no doubt facilitated by hubs, or individuals with large contact lists.
An email virus can be passed on as an attachment in email messages. Once the attachment is
opened, the virus can activate and cause the email program to send numerous infected emails
to email addresses from the person’s contact list. The “I love you” email virus alone infected
over 500,000 individual systems in May of 20002. Sometimes the sheer quantity of viral

2
 Source: CERT® Advisory, http://www.cert.org/advisories/CA-2000-04.html
                                   Zipf´s law and the Internet                                149

email can affect the Internet’s performance. But just as hubs (individuals or computers with
many contacts) can facilitate the spreading of a virus, they can also aid in preventing their
spread. Carefully im-munizing the hubs could stop the virus in its tracks.


Conclusions

On the Internet, Zipf’s law appears to be the rule rather than the exception. It is present at the
level of routers transmitting data from one geographic location to another and in the content
of the World Wide Web. It is also present at the social and economic level, in how individuals
select the websites they visit and form peer-to-peer communities. The ubiquitous nature of
Zipf’s law in cyberspace has lead to a deeper understanding of Internet phenomena, and has
consequently influenced the way in which it has evolved.


Acknowledgements
We would like to thank T.J. Giuli, Eytan Adar and Rajan Lukose for their comments and
suggestions.


References

Adamic, L.A. (1999). The Small World Web, Proceedings of ECDL'99. Lecture Notes in
   Computer Science 1696, 443-452. Berlin: Springer.
Adamic, L.A., Lukose, R.M., Puniyani, A.R., and Huberman, B.A. (2001). Search in
   Power-Law Networks. Physical Review E 64: 046135.
Albert, R., Jeong, H., and Barabasi, A.-L. (2000). Attack and error tolerance of complex
   networks. Nature 406, 378.
Albert R. and Barabasi A.-L. (2002). Statistical mechanics of complex networks. Review of
   Modern Physics 74, 47-94.
Breslau L. et al. (1999). Web Caching and Zipf-like Distributions: Evidence and
   Implications. Proceedings of INFOCOM ’99, 126-134.
Cunha, C.R., Bestavros A., and Crovella, M.E. (1995). Characteristics of WWW Client-
   based Traces". Technical Report TR-95-010. Boston University Computer Science
   Department.
Ebel, H, Mielsch, L.-I., and Bornholdt, S. (2002). Scale-free topology of e-mail networks.
   cond-mat/0201476.
Erdös, P. and Rényi, A. (1960). On the Evolution of Random Graphs. Publications of the
   Mathematical Institute of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences 5, 17-61.
Faloutsos M., Faloutsos P. and Faloutsos C. (1999). On Power-Law Relationships of the
   Internet Topology. Proceedings of ACM SIGCOMM ’99, 251-262.
Jeong, H., Albert R. and Barabasi, A.-L (1999). Diameter of the World Wide Web. Nature
   401, 130.
Huberman, B. and Adamic, L. (1999). Growth Dynamics of the World Wide Web. Nature
   401, 131.
Huberman, B. A. (2001). The Laws of the Web. The MIT Press.
Pareto, V. (1896). Cours d’Economie Politique. Genève: Droz.
Pastor-Satarros, R. and Vespignani, A. (2001). Epidemic spreading in Scale Free
   Networks. Physical Review Letters 86, 3200.
150                       Lada A. Adamic, Bernardo Huberman

Ripeanu M., Foster, I. and Iamnitchi A. (2002). Mapping the Gnutella Network: Properties
   of Large-Scale Peer-to-Peer Systems and Implications for System Design. IEEE Internet
   Computing Journal special issue on peer-to-peer networking, vol. 6(1), 50-57.
Smith, R.D. (2002). Instant Messaging as a Scale-Free Network. cond-mat/0206378.
Zipf, G.K. (1932). Selected Studies of the Principle of Relative Frequency in Language.
   Cambridge, MA.: Harvard University Press.
Zipf, G.K. (1949). Human Behavior and the Principle of Least Effort. Cambridge, MA:
   Addison-Wesley.

--- end {05_zipfs_law_and_the_internet.pdf} ---
